Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are going to implement the pausing functionality.
All right, so before diving into that, let's go ahead and let's fix this issue that we had whenever
we claim it does read it.
But the problem is the screen is still disabled, so we cannot write anything else until we refresh,
which is not a good user experience.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is there are whenever you specify the speech synthesis speech, and that is
this is very difficult for me to pronounce whenever we define is speech and that is utterance.
I told you guys that there are a set of methods and properties that are made available to us, but also
there are a set of events that are also available that are also made available to us.
One of those events is called an end event.
So we are going to grab our audience and we are going to call an event listener.
The event is going to be Ent..
All right.
And it says appends an event listener for events who step up attribute values type, whereas the event
and.
And target event, basically what it does is whenever the odorants and it is going to do something for
us, so whenever the utterance ends, it is going to implement this function.
And this function is basically going to say text display, dot disabled, disabled, equal to force.
That's it.
So let's go ahead and let's paste it.
Click on it.
Fox jumps over the lazy dog.
And there we go, the screen just unlocked right now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead
and create the pausing functionality.
Functionality.
All right, so first off, we need to create the event listener refer to that.
So the event is going to be a on the pause button that we have already selected that add event listener.
What is the event, these events?
They're simple.
They're just and a click event.
And when when the event happens, we want to run a function.
But this function is in here.
We will be running a function call.
The function is going to be defined separately.
Right.
Or standalone.
And you're going to say pause.
Pause text, so first one is read text, the second one is pause, text, or I think if we set it to
pause, read, pause, reading, I think this is better known.
The text makes more sense.
So let's put it to pause text.
All right.
Now, let's go ahead and let's create this function down below and in here.
I'm going to say parsing or.
Pause, text function.
All right, so they're going to say function, the function name is already defined, they're going
to say pause, text and as a.
Parameter, we're not going to insert anything, we're going to say f f now this is an F statement and
what is it exactly that we want to do here?
Let's take three seconds to talk about it.
We want whenever the computer is speaking, whenever the computer is speaking, to parse that, speak
wherever that is OK.
And whenever the user clicks again on the red button, which is something that we will do at the end
of this video, we want to resume resume from that, like from that space.
We want to resume from that.
So if if the computer is speaking, pause it.
If the computer is not speaking, don't do anything.
That's it.
That's why we are going to provide enough space.
So we say if speech centered synthesis of speech synthesis is speaking, do what?
Just grab the speech synthesis and just call the pause method.
That said, this is how simple it is that set.
So we just say just just go ahead and pause it.
So go ahead.
Let's grab our very long text.
Let's put it right here.
Like in the distant future, let's click pause.
Which it does pass this click read.
It doesn't read again as clocks stop.
Nothing works, so it pauses that the reading of the text.
But that said, and that is not something that we want.
So whenever the text is paused, we want to read.
We want whenever we collect, we want to be able to read it again.
So for that to happen, what I'm going to do is we we need to go to a read text and we need to resume
our text once more.
So let's go ahead and let's say if the speech Santarus is paused or the text is paused and the text
is speaking, we want to resume it at that point whenever the read text is called.
So what does that mean?
Let's go ahead and authorize FCP.
Santarus is passed.
We are going to use a logical and operator and speech and that is speaking in both of these cases.
We just want to return, keep in mind, return nothing after this return is going to run.
If this condition is true, nothing is going to run.
We want to return speech centers that resume now whenever you use speech.
And that is an utterance.
All these methods and properties that are made available to.
What does this mean?
It means that when the speech is synthetics, when the speech is paused, resume it.
And when the speech is speaking, just resume.
So whenever you go ahead and you, for example, you pay something here, did we save it?
Now, when you click on Read, just click on read.
Come on, buddy.
So, Fred.
It doesn't read.
So speech Santarus.
O kay.
All right, so let's try it again, I think everything is here.
Set in the distant future amidst a futile interstellar.
Society in which various noble.
Houses here.
It looks fine, but you know what, I'm just going to go ahead and open it with life server one more
time.
I think we lost the connection there or something.
So let's go to inspect console in there and scrub our assurer text that we had.
Let's put it here.
The quick brown box jobs.
Over the lazy dog.
OK, it works fine, so now we have successfully implemented the pausing functionality and also whenever
the speech center is paused or is speaking, we just want to resume it from that place.
There is one more thing that I want to do here, and that is whenever you double click or anything,
when you when the speech is being spoken, whenever you click double click on the start or on the read
button, I don't want it to do something weird.
So I'm just going to go ahead and say speech santhara dot speaking, if it is speaking, just returned,
do not run this function.
So I'm just going to commented out and I'm going to hopefully be able to show you what I mean over the
lazy dog.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The quick brown, this is the problem, right, because even though the screen is disabled, it is still
speaking because I clicked on the read button for multiple times, OK?
And it was reading and I just clicked on it once more.
And it is still reading even though the screen is not locked.
Right.
So if I just paste it and double and click on the read and click again and it should read it out loud
twice.
See, this is the problem with whenever you're speaking, sir, whenever the computer is speaking,
we do not want to do anything else.
We do not want to like be able to double click the user, to be able to double click and to play it
once more even after the speech is done.
Done right, so let's just click roadblocks, jumps over the lazy dog.
That's it, so it doesn't matter how many times I click, it is just going to read it once after it
is done and is going to read it again.
This is going to be it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.